Add remark regarding motivation behind changes (#28)
packit/contributing: README.md

- If you are new to git, check the git basics [here](./git-basics.md).
- Write reasonable commit messages (See [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)).

>   - In the body of commit please try to provide reason or motivation for the
>     introduced change, it is very helpful in the future. It can be just a
>     reference to the issue, commit or a simple sentence explaining why the change
>     was required or done.

Reviewer: Sry, I refactored it a little :)

```suggestion
  - Please provide the reason or motivation for the introduced change in the body of the 
    commit message, or reference an issue. This is going to be helpful in the future to
    understand *why* the change was made.
```
